You'd better take care of yourself first
What is your relationship with Yang Peng?
What does it have to do with the underground arena?
What do you know?
If people don't know
Unless you don't
Liu Hongtao has done too much evil
It will be rained.
You think about it.
How long can I stay on the farm?
How can I wait and see?
Hey, you're finally here.
Wenli has to wait for you to come and talk about Wenli
What's the matter, teacher?
Uncle Yan Liu Hongtao has personally admitted
It's someone else's infinite me
In fact, you just have to trust me
I'll help you get the gold belt how can you help me
It's the stimulant put in the package someone gave you.
I use the video as evidence.
The one who was wronged was done by Liu Hongtao
Then he's doing as I tell you now
What the hell does this mean?
I don't know.
Since he can find the video
We can recover the video
We also want to thank him when he said
Let the press go to help you
Now what?
Uncle, I will find a shop master
Don't worry, this matter is on me.
Thank you uncle
Arts, sorry?
The teacher wronged you.
teacher
It's not your fault
I know Liu Gong is uneasy and kind
But I didn't know he could be so bad.
Now kick him out and wait
It's urgent.
Is to find out his relationship with the underground black power
Let's not be surprised yet
Let's pretend something we don't know first
I must investigate
How is the eight characters, sir?
This Lin Wenli
Not when you rejected me
Did you just do it directly?
Don't worry, I still have a way.
Mr. Liu
I remember Lin Wenli paying off the loan before
Promised three black rights
Why don't we let him come again?
That's a good idea.
Because if he doesn't finish three games
Then let him
We're done with 10 times the price
Yes, Lin Wenli is still suspended.
If you get a black fist
Then his UFC career is over
Good way to bring 8 people to the people's area to join hands
Don't worry, I can definitely do these things.
Mr. Yang
A few profit-making subordinates should start quickly
Mr. Liu, I will do it now